Down to You	TRC It's like watching the dreckiest of teen puppy courtships trying to pass itself off as 'Annie Hall.
Down to You	TRC It's all reasonably pleasant to watch, but Isacsson doesn't seem to know what to do with the story once Al and Imogen fall in love.
Down to You	TRC [A] relentlessly adolescent romantic comedy.
Down to You	TRC 
Down to You	TRC Al (Prinze) and Imogen (Stiles) are 19-year-olds tackling New York college life. The course of their relationship is charted in numbing detail and interspersed with the antics of their quirky friends.
Down to You	TRC Belongs to that other kind of American teen comedy... movies of crushes and wagers and sex jokes, with patchwork plots and a standby army of eccentric comic sidekicks.
Down to You	TRC Doesn't summon up quite enough quirky personality to maintain its momentum through the final act.
Down to You	TRC The acting never gets muscular enough to make the audience care about what happens.
Down to You	TRC Woefully unamusing.
Down to You	TRC Lamely written and directed.
Down to You	TRC Not really all that much fun.
Down to You	TRC Relies too much on gimmicky flashbacks and the quirkiness of the movie's supporting characters to compensate for the uninteresting leads.
Down to You	TRC Flees from anything that might involve real human emotion, or for that matter any credible human activity other than looking good.
Down to You	TRC Writer/director Kris Isacsson, in his directorial debut, clearly has little confidence in the romantic 'A' story supporting his film.
Down to You	TRC Down to You is filled with all sorts of hokey moments that ruin its attempts to generate a pseudo-real, romantic atmosphere.
Down to You	TRC There's little chemistry between co-stars Freddie Prinze Jr. and Julia Stiles.
Down to You	TRC Mediocre at best.
Down to You	TRA It's like watching the dreckiest of teen puppy courtships trying to pass itself off as 'Annie Hall.
Down to You	TRA Weak and often inappropriate romantic comedy.
Down to You	TRA Both Julia Stiles and Freddie Prinze Jr. deserve better.
Down to You	TRA It's all reasonably pleasant to watch, but Isacsson doesn't seem to know what to do with the story once Al and Imogen fall in love.
Down to You	TRA [A] relentlessly adolescent romantic comedy.
Down to You	TRA Al (Prinze) and Imogen (Stiles) are 19-year-olds tackling New York college life. The course of their relationship is charted in numbing detail and interspersed with the antics of their quirky friends.
Down to You	TRA It's hard to determine exactly where I gave up on Down to You, but I'm pretty sure it was right after the opening credits.
Down to You	TRA [Director Kris Isacsson] tries to bring a little enterprise to the inevitable scenes of bickering and moody silence, but by now the vitalising tactics seem out of place.
Down to You	TRA Julia Stiles is fetching, but no surprises rain on the limpid parade of familiar post-adolescent love.
Down to You	TRA a mostly bitter, sometimes downright grim fairy tale in which Cinderella becomes a stoner and Prince Charming winds up getting his stomach pumped.
Down to You	TRA When the lovers finally do find a reason to fight, the film takes a turn into hand-wringing melodrama from which it never recovers.
Down to You	TRA Belongs to that other kind of American teen comedy... movies of crushes and wagers and sex jokes, with patchwork plots and a standby army of eccentric comic sidekicks.
Down to You	TRA The script, which simply doesn't work at all, and reduces the characters to lumpen, uninteresting blobs, despite the handsome cast.
Down to You	TRA A disappointment.
Down to You	TRA Aimless and weird- like looking at a beautiful two dimensional picture postcard - but from the edge.
Down to You	TRA Cinta con severas deficiencias y falta de ingredientes, siendo el principal de ellos la falta de corazon
Down to You	TRA Made me tired of being a teenager.
Down to You	TRA The only way to stop the cinematic juggernaut known as the teen romantic comedy is for the target audience to come to its senses and stop supporting the darn things.
Down to You	TRA Listless and sporadic.
Down to You	TRA There's little chemistry between co-stars Freddie Prinze Jr. and Julia Stiles.
Down to You	TRA Mediocre at best.
Down to You	TRA Woefully unamusing.
Down to You	TRA Writer/director Kris Isacsson, in his directorial debut, clearly has little confidence in the romantic 'A' story supporting his film.
Down to You	TRA There's no real dramatic thrust.
Down to You	TRA Delivers its cheesy toppings as predictably as the 30-minutes -or- it's-free pizza delivery guy.
Down to You	TRA Down To You exists outside the realm of normal logic.
Down to You	TRA We have a love story whose charm is often undercut by silly would-be comedy.
Down to You	TRA Never rises above being merely skin-deep.
Down to You	TRA Down to You has cute boys, cute girls and little else.
Down to You	TRA It's only an outline for a typical boy meets girl story.
Down to You	TRA Aimless!
Down to You	TRA Suffers from both a really bad set-up and a complete lack of a proper ending.
Down to You	TRA Move on -- just move on.
Down to You	TRA The race for the year's worst film has begun.
Down to You	TRA In the great tradition of silly kids flicks -- the ones that are easier to dance to than get into.
Down to You	TRA Playing a couple destined to be together by the last reel, Stiles and Prinze are up against it: there's not much tension in their fights or passion in their make-ups, mostly because their conclusion is so foregone.
Down to You	TRA Somewhere in all of that, there is a sweet story about two college kids who fall in love and find more than they are able to handle.
Down to You	TRA Call me old-fashioned, but I still think movies should have plots.
Down to You	TRA Doesn't summon up quite enough quirky personality to maintain its momentum through the final act.
Down to You	TRA Crud of the lowest order.
Down to You	TRA Down to You is filled with all sorts of hokey moments that ruin its attempts to generate a pseudo-real, romantic atmosphere.
Down to You	TRA Flees from anything that might involve real human emotion, or for that matter any credible human activity other than looking good.
Down to You	TRA Down to You ain't half bad.
Down to You	TRA The acting never gets muscular enough to make the audience care about what happens.
Down to You	TRA They fall in love, break up, and fall in love again. The end.
Down to You	TRA This, then, is the death of the teen comedy.
Down to You	TRA Relies too much on gimmicky flashbacks and the quirkiness of the movie's supporting characters to compensate for the uninteresting leads.
Down to You	TRA Down to You is bad. Real bad.
Down to You	TRA Bland and uninviting.
Down to You	TRA Watching talented young actors slowly committing career suicide is not a pretty sight.
Down to You	TRA Probably more of a 'video movie' than anything else.
Down to You	TRA You can smell the frying cheese from a mile away.
Down to You	TRA The inexperienced Isacsson's muddled stew of styles and story asides often leaves the movie flailing around like a dying fish.
Down to You	TRA An often endearing but largely botched attempt to put a more grown-up spin on the teen movie.
Down to You	TRA Not really all that much fun.
Down to You	TRA Lamely written and directed.
Down to You	TRA I would rather suffer whiplash in a VW bug than sit through this film again.
Down to You	TRA Down to You is mildly worth watching for the performances if you don't get hung up on the cluttered plot.
Down to You	TRA 
Down to You	TRA 
Down to You	TRA 
Down to You	NRA 50
Down to You	NRC 3
