Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC 
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC 
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC 
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC As misogynistic as anything I've seen in ages, it's tricked up with enough fancy cinematography (by Guy Dufaux) to guarantee it sub-Hitchcockian credentials of the sort that some reviewers eagerly hand out to Brian De Palma.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC The result is compellingly bonkers.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC Remove the directorial flash and filigree, and its narrative would be easier to track.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC It's late January, winter is entrenched, and in the lull between the bounty of Christmas and the renewal of spring, the big screen can sometimes seem barren -- a movable famine.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC In trying to both inflame and indict our morbid curiosity, Elliott fails to make the needed connection between the audience and a peeper who has lost his moral balance.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC Impenetrable mess of a movie.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC Eye of the Beholder is like one of those optical cartoons that were so popular a half-decade back; the more we concentrate, the less we see.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC Eye of the Beholder attempts to convey emotional dislocation and passion at the same time. All we get is distance.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC Eye of the Beholder more or less throws Vertigo, The Conversation, Body Double, and -- so help me -- Duel in the Sun into a blender and hits puree.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC Long on style but perilously short on logic and coherence.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC The more complex it tries to be, the less compelling it becomes.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC This mangled project is neither great art nor grand entertainment but, because it floors the pedal for both, it has a certain resplendent awfulness.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC Pointless
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC The tone is stillborn and static when it should be ominous and engrossing. The characters fail to connect with the audience. This is a cold, distant, and off-putting motion picture that generates little in the way of tension or suspense.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC The movie might be worth seeing if you could find a theater that offers frequent-flier miles.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC Not terribly enjoyable to watch.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC The film's plot degenerates into a psychological mess.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC Eye of the Beholder suffers from blurry vision at best. Don't let your eyes behold it.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC Eye of the Beholder is yet another example of how bad movies can happen to good people.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC It isn't insultingly bad; it's just incompetent.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC Its neo-noir, psych-thriller signifiers don't just provide goofy flash via flashback but service a grief-concerned narrative in which time and space collapse into a surrealist black hole.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC Ugly is in the Eye of the Beholder.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRC Beholder tries to blend old film noir and new high-tech thriller styles with only sporadic impact.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA You're unlikely to see a scene as weird as the one where McGregor beats up Judd's blind fiancee, as a way to warn him that she'll kill him. That seems counter-intuitive, but nothing in Eye of the Beholder reeks of anything near the notion of intuition.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA As misogynistic as anything I've seen in ages, it's tricked up with enough fancy cinematography (by Guy Dufaux) to guarantee it sub-Hitchcockian credentials of the sort that some reviewers eagerly hand out to Brian De Palma.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA The result is compellingly bonkers.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Remove the directorial flash and filigree, and its narrative would be easier to track.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA It's not good when you check your watch every 20 minutes during a 107-minute movie. It's bad when you think, "Yeaahh, rrright" almost as often.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA During one scene, some characters take a break by watching a video of Roger Corman's great 1960 The Wasp Woman. I suggest you do the same.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA On the bright side, I only lost an hour and half of my life watching this piece of [expletive deleted], unlike those involved in the making of it, who lost months.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA As if to make up for the disjointed quality of the story, director Elliott has incorporated various themes into the film, such as the repetitive use of snow globes, angel statues, and astrology... Unfortunately, these things only pretty up a bad picture.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA McGregor's and Judd's attentive, focused performances never allow their characters to become lost in Elliott's fractured, virtual America.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Unfortunately, Elliott's latest effort contained too many blanks for me to fill in.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA If you took five different jigsaw puzzles, threw the pieces together on a table top and spent two hours trying to make a cohesive picture, you might end up with something along the lines of this.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Eye of the Holder makes you wonder how bad are the scripts that Ashley Judd and Ewan McGregor turn down.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA It's late January, winter is entrenched, and in the lull between the bounty of Christmas and the renewal of spring, the big screen can sometimes seem barren -- a movable famine.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA The film maintains its story perfectly from the beginning, creating a gorgeous atmosphere and layering the story with hints of thriller, mystery, romance and psychological drama.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA A disappointing flick.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Moving at the pace of blood through the veins, "Beholder" has the power to alter time, making an hour forty-five seem like three.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA I can't elevate this above Rental level, because it was creepy, worth seeing, but kind of dumb.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA In trying to both inflame and indict our morbid curiosity, Elliott fails to make the needed connection between the audience and a peeper who has lost his moral balance.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA a clumsy mix of film noir and the serial killer genre, with some surveillance paranoia and Freudian psychology thrown in for good measure
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA A bewildering and frustrating experience.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA I didn't get it at all, but I have a sneaking suspicion it's going to be a cult classic. It's that oblique.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA So hyper-conscious of its own movie-ness that it's hard to care very much about the characters moving listlessly through its scenery.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Moronic.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Narrative coherence is not only suspended but trampled.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Pointless
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA McGregor's character is so devoid of interest, it makes one long for the redeeming charm of Jar Jar Binks.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA As meticulously deranged as its paranoid protagonist.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Neither particularly suspenseful nor scary.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA The film's plot degenerates into a psychological mess.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA The more complex it tries to be, the less compelling it becomes.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA An intellectually-challenged slap in the face.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Quite simply, Eye of the Beholder doesn't make sense.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Eye of the Beholder is like one of those optical cartoons that were so popular a half-decade back; the more we concentrate, the less we see.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA It's strictly surrealistic style over substance in this weird, wannabe psychological thriller.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Perhaps Elliott was trying to make a point about the futility of voyeurism, and if that's the case, it backfires, for it brings to light how much of a waste watching Eye of the Beholder is.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA There was probably some intended meaning behind this hullabaloo of nonsensical imagery, but somehow it all gets lost.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA The film is almost delusional in the way it believes that it's resembling sensual thought.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Sominex: The Movie
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA It's a vile film ...
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Bereft of a genuinely satisfying ending.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA It isn't insultingly bad; it's just incompetent.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA If you're a bad-film aficionado, you're in luck.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Ugly is in the Eye of the Beholder.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Atmospherics trump story.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA A disturbingly hypnotic odyssey not unlike Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo or Brian DePalma's Obsession.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA If Eye of the Beholder ever had something to say, that got lost in not knowing how to say it.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA It's not 'bad' so much as it's an ill-conceived gesture toward stretching the voyeur's game out.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA No suspense and very little thrill about the posturing picture.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Beauty may be in the eye of the beholder, but these eyes see little beauty in this senseless dud.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA If you're looking for more plot development -- or a sensible denouement -- forget about it.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA What a disaster.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Eye of the Beholder more or less throws Vertigo, The Conversation, Body Double, and -- so help me -- Duel in the Sun into a blender and hits puree.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA A pile of noir mush.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA A film that is genuinely unpredictable, but only because nothing in it makes sense.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Its neo-noir, psych-thriller signifiers don't just provide goofy flash via flashback but service a grief-concerned narrative in which time and space collapse into a surrealist black hole.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA The many strengths include the edgy mood and unpredictability of the action, and the internalisation of psychological and emotional terrain through the effective soundtrack
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA This one might turn off the MTV generation eager for a succession of slam-bang episodes, but will fulfill the hopes of those who believe that vigorous inner action is of more dramatic note than plot-driven, exterior movement.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Intriguing to watch.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA A sleek, impressively well-made movie, a lyrical flower in a bed of January thorns, if you will. It is simply too admirable a film on too many levels to be thrown to the wayside.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Impenetrable mess of a movie.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA The tone is stillborn and static when it should be ominous and engrossing. The characters fail to connect with the audience. This is a cold, distant, and off-putting motion picture that generates little in the way of tension or suspense.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Not terribly enjoyable to watch.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Monstrously Bad with a capital 'B.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Brother, it's a mess.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Please don't waste your time on this dreck.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Saddled with a somewhat drab and reactive role, McGregor tries hard to make us care about The Eye, but it's an uphill struggle.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Eye of the Beholder attempts to convey emotional dislocation and passion at the same time. All we get is distance.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA The single worst movie David Lynch never made.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA This mangled project is neither great art nor grand entertainment but, because it floors the pedal for both, it has a certain resplendent awfulness.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA ...sometimes the film aims for sentiment, sometimes it tries to be funny, other times it wants to be completely revolting...
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Eye of the Beholder is nothing more than a mediocre mystery-thriller trying to bask in the glow of its star, Ashley Judd.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Eye of the Beholder isn't a title, it's a warning label. What's going on in this movie is anybody's guess.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA A thriller completely lacking style, suspense, and sense, but full of snow globes galore!
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Long on style but perilously short on logic and coherence.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA I was left wondering just what Elliott was attempting with this nonsensical rambling mess.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Sinks under the weight of bad storytelling and the filmmaker's pretensions.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA In spite of the careful visualization of the mechanics of these characters' worlds, Eye of the Beholder does little to convincingly support the subjects' reasons for inhabiting them.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Eye of the Beholder is yet another example of how bad movies can happen to good people.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Eye of the Beholder suffers from blurry vision at best. Don't let your eyes behold it.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA If you see and like it, then never read a movie review again: there's no need, since you will enjoy every picture you see.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA The movie might be worth seeing if you could find a theater that offers frequent-flier miles.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA One for a rainy day and a Valium, this is slow-melting psychometrics at their worst, and a clear misfire for Elliott.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Eye of the Beholder wants to be an art film and a thriller. It fails at both aspirations. If you'll pardon the expression, there is far less here than meets the eye.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA 
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA 
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA 
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA 
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA 
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA 
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA 
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA 
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA Beholder tries to blend old film noir and new high-tech thriller styles with only sporadic impact.
Eye of the Beholder (film)	TRA 
Eye of the Beholder (film)	NRA 32
Eye of the Beholder (film)	NRC 9
