Gone Girl	TRC This is the most elegant, exquisitely made trash.
Gone Girl	TRC Fincher is as Fincher does. And what Fincher does better than almost anyone is create moody, meticulously crafted thrillers that straddle the divide between genre and art.
Gone Girl	TRC Gone Girl is a sick movie, but it's a lumbering, anti-imaginative kind of sick.
Gone Girl	TRC In the film's final stages [Fincher] seems to be relying entirely on craft - but, boy, is it effective craft.
Gone Girl	TRC The film's stabs at social commentary -- the constant barrage of tabloid TV coverage -- are crushingly obvious.
Gone Girl	TRC Once you release the movie from the demand that it be significant, there are a number of achievements.
Gone Girl	TRC It's sick fun that leaves a scar; popcorn entertainment that bites back. Dig in.
Gone Girl	TRC Fans of Flynn's 2012 novel will not be one tiny bit disappointed.
Gone Girl	TRC 145 minutes of riveting drama and surprises.
Gone Girl	TRC Gone Girl presents a deft mix of whodunit and who-you-gonna-believe?
Gone Girl	TRC Director David Fincher lands a tone for Gone Girl that's broad and precise enough to encourage a series of witty performances within the thriller framework.
Gone Girl	TRC Glossy, empty and ultimately unsatisfying - if undeniably entertaining ...
Gone Girl	TRC Flynn's great accomplishment, in her book and here, is an unstinting dedication to plot mechanics that jar our balance.
Gone Girl	TRC Gone Girl thrives on enigma, and the leads embody that quality to wonderful effect.
Gone Girl	TRC Gillian Flynn's playful novel is now David Fincher's chilling movie. Still packed with twists and turns, but the overall effect is unsettling.
Gone Girl	TRC Even knowing what's ahead doesn't prepare you for the movie's tone, which is funny yet curdled and cynical and bleak.
Gone Girl	TRC Gillian Flynn's twist-laden mystery novel gets a somber, respectful screen treatment from David Fincher, which has the unfortunate effect of diminishing the book's diabolical fun and heightening its dull misanthropy.
Gone Girl	TRC A deliciously manipulative mystery that toys with the viewer like a femme fatale with her prey.
Gone Girl	TRC David Fincher's Gone Girl takes a big beach read about a troubled marriage and turns it into a suspenseful screen indictment of modern times.
Gone Girl	TRC Ultimately what makes "Gone Girl" so watchable is the three-headed monster of Fincher, Pike and Affleck.
Gone Girl	TRC "Gone Girl" may get the job done as a dutiful, deliberately paced procedural, but it never quite makes the splash it could have as a thoughtful, timely and thoroughly bracing plunge.
Gone Girl	TRC Gone Girl isn't a movie about marriage or relationships or men and women, but about the way people assume established, familiar archetypes to please, manipulate, and entrap one another.
Gone Girl	TRC It's dark, it's creepy and it's very good - both on the page, and on the screen.
Gone Girl	TRC The characters sound like people trying to sound like people in the movies and not quite pulling it off.
Gone Girl	TRC Gone Girl is to marriage what Fatal Attraction was to infidelity.
Gone Girl	TRC Preposterous, illogical, senselessly over-plotted and artificial as a ceramic artichoke ... one of the year's grossest disappointments.
Gone Girl	TRC Long story short: The movie absolutely lives up to the hype.
Gone Girl	TRC It's everything the book was and more - more, certainly, in its sinister, brackish atmosphere dominated by mustard-yellow fluorescence, designed to make you squint, recoil and then lean in a little closer.
Gone Girl	TRC Pike is a revelation. The actress ... demonstrates versatility with compelling eyes that can instantly switch from innocent to detached. Oscar consideration is certainly a possibility for her.
Gone Girl	TRC In a movie of subtle tones and wild swerves, Pike expertly mixes a cocktail of hot and cold blood. She is the Amazing Amy you could fall for, till death do you part.
Gone Girl	TRC In good times and bad, in sickness and in health, Gone Girl is delicious suburban noir.
Gone Girl	TRC It's a work of chilly wit and bleak metaphor, an artifice that invites the kind of analytical response where we pull on our chins and discuss how other people, more naive than we, will receive it.
Gone Girl	TRC If the production is slightly too atmospheric, the performances are bracingly specific, led by Affleck, whose task is complex.
Gone Girl	TRC Gone Girl is a rare bird: a tricky, weird mystery that benefits from people knowing its twist from the outset.
Gone Girl	TRC Why doesn't the movie claw us as "The Social Network" did? Who could have predicted that a film about murder, betrayal, and deception would be less exciting than a film about a Web site?
Gone Girl	TRC Believe me, you should see the movie, and then you can talk about it all night. And you probably will.
Gone Girl	TRC "Gone Girl" shows the remarkable things that can happen when filmmaker and material are this well matched.
Gone Girl	TRC [Pike is] a star presence here from her very first scene; it's even rewarding, given her expressive voice, to hear her reading from Amy's diary entries.
Gone Girl	TRC A break-all-the-windows plot-twister that keeps every jolt and (most of) the cultural jabs from Gillian Flynn's blockbuster novel.
Gone Girl	TRC David Fincher's shockingly good film version of Gone Girl  is the date-night movie of the decade for couples who dream of destroying one another. Expect a stampede at the box office.
Gone Girl	TRC As sometimes happens in Mr. Fincher's work, dread descends like winter shadows, darkening the movie's tone and visuals until it's snuffed out all the light, air and nuance.
Gone Girl	TRC The movie, while entertaining and extremely well crafted, is too self-conscious about its depravity to be either truly disturbing or disturbingly funny. Ticking along with metronome-like efficiency, it's more slick than sick.
Gone Girl	TRC Anyone who loved Gone Girl the book will walk out of Gone Girl the movie with a sick grin on their face.
Gone Girl	TRC The stealthiest comedy since American Psycho.
Gone Girl	TRC The movie is phenomenally gripping-although it does leave you queasy, uncertain what to take away on the subject of men, women, marriage, and the possibility of intimacy from the example of such prodigiously messed-up people.
Gone Girl	TRC Director David Fincher and stars Rosamund Pike and Ben Affleck are at the top of their game in this mesmerizing adaptation of Gillian Flynn's novel.
Gone Girl	TRC A sharply made, perfectly cast and unfailingly absorbing melodrama.
Gone Girl	TRC "Gone Girl" will earn plenty of loud shouts of applause, awed sounds of surprise, and shocked laughter, but what makes it worthy of them is all the hushed, uneasy conversations it's guaranteed to inspire in the long, unsettled silence to come after.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl, for the most part, feels like an excellent thriller trapped within the confines of a bloated (and palpably plodding) drama...
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl is a dark and intelligent thriller that plays to Fincher's magnetising style, the two really are a match made in heaven.
Gone Girl	TRA Under the guidance of the remarkable David Fincher, this is one of those rare, elusive endeavors that contains nearly every important quality I cherish about moviemaking.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl lives up to the hype.
Gone Girl	TRA Something close to a mechanically flawless thriller.
Gone Girl	TRA The spot-on casting carries over to the supporting cast: This thriller has the sort of lineup that will draw viewers to IMDb.com, possibly crashing its server.
Gone Girl	TRA It's undeniably entertaining to see a craftsman such as Fincher explore Flynn's thesis by way of rollicking popcorn cinema.
Gone Girl	TRA Their character hell is our luxuriant garden of human folly.
Gone Girl	TRA Deeply cynical, darkly funny, sometimes brutal, very powerful filmmaking that may make you a little queasy, but will almost certainly entertain you to no end.
Gone Girl	TRA A dark, disturbing walk down the aisle of matrimonial madness, and an unforgettable one at that.
Gone Girl	TRA This superior thriller arrives at a time when Hollywood mostly seems to have forgotten how to make 'em.
Gone Girl	TRA Over the top by design, Gone Girl is delightfully lurid without ever feeling exploitative.
Gone Girl	TRA gets completely under your skin, rattles your sense of what's right and wrong, and generally undercuts any kind of moral pretense we might bring into the theater
Gone Girl	TRA It's just unfortunate that it falls prey to gradually making each character a little bit dumber to progress the narrative.
Gone Girl	TRA There are many characters in this ensemble and the film provides much insight by looking at the situation through all of their eyes.
Gone Girl	TRA Thoroughly engrossing, even when it stops being logical.
Gone Girl	TRA The best, most satisfying mystery/psychological thriller in a long time. It also works as a wicked satire.
Gone Girl	TRA Fincher takes on a best-seller with lots of trashy-but-entertaining twists
Gone Girl	TRA The final third is too twisty for its own good, but on the whole Gone Girl is in impressive piece of work. An adult crime thriller that doubles as a cynical (realistic?) commentary on modern-day marriage.
Gone Girl	TRA At a sweetly punishing clip Gone Girl refracts... attitudes about the cupidity of human desire and the rapidity of the fall when attempts to ---- up another person ---- you up in turn... as dense as Kubrick's final valentine, Eyes Wide Shut.
Gone Girl	TRA Fincher's compositions offer the characters no exit; the widescreen keeps them in view, no matter how extreme their deceits and disguises.
Gone Girl	TRA The film's sense of savage, yet controlled, rage permeates director David Fincher's examination of a marriage that's gone so wrong.
Gone Girl	TRA There's no denying that it's an entertaining movie, made by a consummate filmmaker, though not, perhaps, quite as important as it would like to be.
Gone Girl	TRA It's increasingly difficult to craft a plausible and unpredictable thriller, but Gone Girl actually manages to keep us on our toes.
Gone Girl	TRA Hey...the marriage in this movie is a lot better than many I've witnessed.
Gone Girl	TRA Fincher doesn't make bad movies and this is a very good one. Of his nine features, I'm going to put this on my list at number four, after Zodiac, The Social Network and Fight Club. That's good company, on one hell of a list.
Gone Girl	TRA Whatever its limitations, Gone Girl is the rare character-focused drama that can make audiences gasp audibly - and laugh, and cringe.
Gone Girl	TRA Compelling but dark, discomforting and cynical modern-day thriller.
Gone Girl	TRA A trashy, scattershot serial-drama-cum-media satire that's more agenda-based than character-based. One day we'll look back and chuckle at how seriously people took Gone Girl the same way we do now at Fatal Attraction.
Gone Girl	TRA An admirably-tense mystery from master director David Fincher.
Gone Girl	TRA A rather excellent potboiler full of dark revelations and unexpected twists. And, wow, those twists leave one gobsmacked.
Gone Girl	TRA In the end, 'Gone Girl' echoes what experience has taught, in that with marriage you think you are getting what you desire when in reality you are getting what you deserve.
Gone Girl	TRA There is some crazy stuff in this film, but it is better than most of the crap I've seen on the big screen this year.
Gone Girl	TRA At 149 minutes, the film never drags nor does its mood settle, slipping from classy narcissistic humour to exploitation-inflected thrills in an instant; mercurial, mystifying - and tantalisingly missing.
Gone Girl	TRA With the exceptional commercial pedigree of its source material, this is overwritten in all aspects--presumably for being crafted for the screen by a novelist determined not to compromise her work for the sake of the medium.
Gone Girl	TRA Is Gone Girl on the same level as Fincher's flawless masterpieces such as Seven, Fight Club, and The Social Network? Not quite, but it's damned close.
Gone Girl	TRA Those who have read the blockbuster novel may be disappointed to know that author Gillian Flynn hasn't changed anything in adapting it to the big screen, so there aren't any surprises along the way.
Gone Girl	TRA This is the most elegant, exquisitely made trash.
Gone Girl	TRA Fincher cleverly twists and turns throughout this mysterious maze.
Gone Girl	TRA An enjoyably slippery suspense thriller that tugs our sympathies this way and that while springing narrative twists and traps with stomach-lurching suddenness.
Gone Girl	TRA The latest must-see movie event from perpetual Hollywood wunderkind David Fincher, Gone Girl is 120 minutes of pure perfection. Unfortunately, the movie runs 145 minutes.
Gone Girl	TRA The film is a deceitful, lying partner, who can tell a good yarn and while we're not ready to believe all of it, we hang on for the ride anyway.
Gone Girl	TRA Good old crime pulp is essentially what Gone Girl is, unspooling like a two-part mini series and paced like a standard police/mystery procedural.
Gone Girl	TRA If Gone Girl's first half is a forensic dissection of a marriage that cuts like an autopsy, the second half sees the coroners cut loose, chucking guts around for fun.
Gone Girl	TRA Fincher uses the material's contrived plot and stabs at relationship commentary as a launching pad for a jet-black comedy that at its best approaches the japery of a Grand Guignol.
Gone Girl	TRA Fincher has designed a portrait of marriage as psychological warfare where ceasefires masquerade as happiness.
Gone Girl	TRA ...one of sharpest dissections of a dysfunctional marriage since "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?"
Gone Girl	TRA It remains a story out of control and flushed with insanity, much like the eponymous absentee.
Gone Girl	TRA Dark and tension-filled, it reflects the cinematic artistry of the entire cast and production team. I can already hear Oscar buzz.
Gone Girl	TRA It's hard to imagine anyone else capturing the essence of Gone Girl quite like David Fincher does.
Gone Girl	TRA Of all David Fincher's accomplishments as a director, he may pull off his most impressive feat of all in Gone Girl -- getting Tyler Perry nominated for an Oscar.
Gone Girl	TRA A galvanizing portrait of defective love that twists, turns, and unfurls until you don't know what to think anymore.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl isn't as wicked as it should be or thinks it is. Fincher is becoming the go-to guy for middlebrow, beach-towel novel adaptations.
Gone Girl	TRA A devilishly good time. What it lacks in style, it makes up for in substance.
Gone Girl	TRA Fincher is as Fincher does. And what Fincher does better than almost anyone is create moody, meticulously crafted thrillers that straddle the divide between genre and art.
Gone Girl	TRA A magnificently unsettling thriller that will shock and engage viewers from its opening moment to its final powerful shot.
Gone Girl	TRA For a slice of disposable fiction done with an expert hand, Gone Girl is quite entertaining.
Gone Girl	TRA Some suspense builds to a point but collapses into improbable silliness piled on top of impossible silliness.
Gone Girl	TRA Flawless, tough as nails and Oscar-bound, 'Gone Girl' is a thriller that never disappoints. With twists and turns as complex as DNA strands, this is one of the best movies of the year ... and, no, it's not too early to say that.
Gone Girl	TRA Perry, Patrick Harris and others all join Affleck and Pike with tremendous performances. Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross once again create the perfect score to accompany Fincher's mood.
Gone Girl	TRA It's entertaining ... but it has the form, not to mention the running time, of a much deeper, more nuanced film.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl is a sick movie, but it's a lumbering, anti-imaginative kind of sick.
Gone Girl	TRA Is it really so hard, Hollywood? So hard to make a well-directed, well-acted flick that keeps audiences enthralled? In a year when movies have failed to live up to the hype, Gone Girl makes it look easy.
Gone Girl	TRA A terrific multi-layered thriller that is sure to be ranked near the top of the list for best films of the year.
Gone Girl	TRA Fincher keeps the pace lively and finds the right balance between provocative and playful, right down to an ending that leaves you stunned.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl is a layered film experience that can be appreciated on multiple levels - with an intriguing central mystery, rounded characters, and sharp social commentary.
Gone Girl	TRA One of the smartest, most precisely observed portraits of a relationship to hit the screen in the last decade, and also one of the best whodunnits.
Gone Girl	TRA It's Rosamund Pike who's the breakout star of this adaptation of screenwriter Gillian Flynn's best-selling book.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl is an entertaining film in a category that is woefully missing in most movie theaters nowadays - storytelling.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl jumps right into the thick of the gender gap at a time when women's rights are in the news every day.
Gone Girl	TRA Violent, layered adaptation is dark but thrilling.
Gone Girl	TRA an elegantly rendered, yet lurid potboiler of a movie.
Gone Girl	TRA In the film's final stages [Fincher] seems to be relying entirely on craft - but, boy, is it effective craft.
Gone Girl	TRA A masterfully crafted brew of mind-bending misdirection, outright lies, psychotic scheming, and detailed criminal procedural that will keep you guessing right up until the end.
Gone Girl	TRA However readers may have seen the story in their minds - the unshaven and rumpled Affleck is about a decade older than I imagined, but effectively seedy - Fincher crafts its scenes of a broken marriage into a convincing mosaic.
Gone Girl	TRA An engrossing, intricately plotted, superbly crafted shock drama of the highest order.
Gone Girl	TRA Factoring in the high potential, it's the worst film I've seen this year.
Gone Girl	TRA I had a great time watching it.
Gone Girl	TRA The film's stabs at social commentary -- the constant barrage of tabloid TV coverage -- are crushingly obvious.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl lives up to its promise as the year's "event" movie for fanboys and fangirls who prefer book clubs to comic-book stores.
Gone Girl	TRA The cast is uniformly perfect.
Gone Girl	TRA It's the stuff of mass-produced pulp novels and National Enquirer covers. But in Fincher's surgical grip, Gone Girl becomes more than a simple screen trip through Flynn's prose.
Gone Girl	TRA The tone and pacing are all over the place, and Gone Girl struggles to build a world with its own, immersive logic, sense of incident, and robust sources of energy.
Gone Girl	TRA Fincher proves himself to be the ideal director to turn this intricately plotted, misanthropic best-seller into a disturbing, yet undeniably entertaining movie.
Gone Girl	TRA Once you release the movie from the demand that it be significant, there are a number of achievements.
Gone Girl	TRA ...good story...good movie, but not as good as the book and marred by a changed ending and miscasting of Neil Patrick Harris, despite fine performances by the rest of the cast.
Gone Girl	TRA Gillian Flynn's twisty novel Gone Girl was a movie waiting to happen, practically smelling of popcorn with each compulsively turned page. It's less of a whodunit than a whodunwhat, easier to spoil than egg salad at a picnic, so we'll tread lightly.
Gone Girl	TRA Clocking in at almost 150 minutes, there's a lot of story to tell here and the supporting cast all hand in strong performances.
Gone Girl	TRA If you read Gone Girl 100 percent at face value, the Hollywood slick way, it's a story that's intensely entertaining, but it's also a bit like one side of the gender debate's wet dream
Gone Girl	TRA A satisfying cat and mouse thriller that also serves as a clinical dissection of the games we play, the images we present to the world and the gap between carefully constructed fantasy and a complex, fallible reality.
Gone Girl	TRA Mostly a very clever and always watchable whodunit.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl grabs you by making you first believe one thing, then another, quite the opposite. It's that woman! No, it's that man!
Gone Girl	TRA A hugely entertaining piece of pulp-noir film-making from reigning Prince of Darkness Fincher.
Gone Girl	TRA Maybe Flynn and Fincher are trying to stir up the sort of debate that swam around screenings of Fatal Attraction. This is a dangerous sort of game. Approach with caution (but do approach).
Gone Girl	TRA It's sick fun that leaves a scar; popcorn entertainment that bites back. Dig in.
Gone Girl	TRA Gillian Flynn proves you can adapt your own novel for the screen and succeed. Terrific performances by Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike and Carrie Coon.
Gone Girl	TRA Fans of Flynn's 2012 novel will not be one tiny bit disappointed.
Gone Girl	TRA Once the chaotic adult-fairy-tale elements override Fincher's otherwise meticulous style, one suspects this tawdry tale of marital fury signifies nothing more than a nihilistic view of heterosexual marriage.
Gone Girl	TRA 145 minutes of riveting drama and surprises.
Gone Girl	TRA Sit back and enjoy the creep show.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl presents a deft mix of whodunit and who-you-gonna-believe?
Gone Girl	TRA A perfect fit for a smirker like Ben Affleck. Sincerity is a bit outside his range, and a little emotional disengagement fits him like a smart suit.
Gone Girl	TRA David Fincher's thriller is about the monster sleeping in the bed next to you -- but also about the monster you didn't even realize you were.
Gone Girl	TRA a smart, modern thriller with enough quirks and eccentricities to remind you of how satisfying a film made by a true visionary can be
Gone Girl	TRA As a puzzler, it leaves much to be desired, with Fincher often too busy doing white-gloved finger-wipe inspections on the corners of the frame to pay much attention to the nail-munching aspects of Flynn's winding work.
Gone Girl	TRA It's not an easy task to make a decent mystery/thriller --- let alone one that was such a widely-read, popular book. But Fincher, Flynn and the rest of the crew were definitely geared up for the project --- with a formidable end result.
Gone Girl	TRA "Gone Girl" is a terrific psychological thriller with great performances all around. Affleck shares the spotlight with an astonishing turn by Pike, one that should make her a household name.
Gone Girl	TRA A laborious Dateline ID episode with a ridiculously disappointing ending.
Gone Girl	TRA Early favorite for most disappointing Oscar-bait film of 2014.
Gone Girl	TRA A worthy twisted and twisting whodunnit. Few novelists adopting their work to the screen understand the nuances of movie storytelling. Gillian Flynn does.
Gone Girl	TRA The movie may not be everything that Flynn's readers had hoped, but it could be more than the most skeptical among them expected.
Gone Girl	TRA "Gone Girl" is an absolutely delicious mystery, one that parcels out revelations and surprises at just the right moments. But it's also a movie about the stories we tell ourselves, about ourselves.
Gone Girl	TRA Delicious junk food for your soul.
Gone Girl	TRA ...a trashy guilty pleasure that's sometimes sexy and hints at complex satire winking wickedly at today's social media infused cult of celebrity.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl is so expertly crafted that its 150-minute running time flies by - this story is worth every tightly-wound second.
Gone Girl	TRA Ingeniously clever, fiendishly crafted and full of surprises you won't see coming, it's endlessly entertaining and emerges as an Oscar frontrunner.
Gone Girl	TRA An essential movie of its moment.
Gone Girl	TRA While this movie clearly won't be for all viewers -- and certainly isn't suitable for kids except maybe the oldest of teenagers -- it's one of the best offerings of 2014, at least so far. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
Gone Girl	TRA the prototypical human-hating hipster model of too-smart, too-cool meta-cinema.
Gone Girl	TRA ... a pulp classic, a rare thing in modern cinema.
Gone Girl	TRA In this studio Garden of Eden the doom shadows are laid on with a paint roller and the snakes and apples are straight from the props cupboard.
Gone Girl	TRA Director David Fincher lands a tone for Gone Girl that's broad and precise enough to encourage a series of witty performances within the thriller framework.
Gone Girl	TRA It is entertaining but long, and though the acting is solid, it isn't as sharp or as smart as it wants to be.
Gone Girl	TRA Glossy, empty and ultimately unsatisfying - if undeniably entertaining ...
Gone Girl	TRA "Gone Girl" is art and entertainment, a thriller and an issue, and an eerily assured audience picture.
Gone Girl	TRA I hated watching these people but couldn't take my eyes off the screen. They're so crazy bad that the movie becomes crazy good. Just not so luridly great.
Gone Girl	TRA It's all very frightening, all too provocative, and all one mess of a good time.
Gone Girl	TRA Superb performances by everyone and Fincher keeps the energy taut and the tone deliciously nasty.
Gone Girl	TRA Most of the heavy lifting is reserved for Affleck and Pike. They're terrific, together and apart, and they'll run you through a decathlon of emotions as they peel back the layers of Nick and Amy.
Gone Girl	TRA Rosamund Pike's groundbreaking performance is insanely good. Gone Girl is a bleak, wicked, and gripping thriller strung together by a marvelous story driven by a lust for admiration.
Gone Girl	TRA It's stirring on a gut level, but the constant barrage of extremes also grows tiring -- even a little tiresome.
Gone Girl	TRA Flynn's great accomplishment, in her book and here, is an unstinting dedication to plot mechanics that jar our balance.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl thrives on enigma, and the leads embody that quality to wonderful effect.
Gone Girl	TRA Anybody interested in a complicated, psychologically disturbing thriller will find what they seek.
Gone Girl	TRA A brilliantly directed and well-acted psychological thriller.
Gone Girl	TRA Gillian Flynn's playful novel is now David Fincher's chilling movie. Still packed with twists and turns, but the overall effect is unsettling.
Gone Girl	TRA Unrelentingly tough, 'Gone Girl' is also superior storytelling from a highly talented filmmaker.
Gone Girl	TRA Even knowing what's ahead doesn't prepare you for the movie's tone, which is funny yet curdled and cynical and bleak.
Gone Girl	TRA It's the kind of film we hoped David Fincher might make with Dragon Tattoo; a satisfying, ironic, and sophisticated thriller. Go see.
Gone Girl	TRA David Fincher's box-cutter autopsy of a marriage which is forcibly dismantled and then forcibly reforged in the cobalt blue flames of ignominy, arrogance and deception. So, so much deception.
Gone Girl	TRA The brilliance of Gone Girl cannot be overstated, nor can it really be elucidated without diluting its many, many pleasures.
Gone Girl	TRA The best thriller of the year. And then some.
Gone Girl	TRA Sharp, sadistic and sensational.
Gone Girl	TRA Amy may be missing but it would be accurate in this instance to say that Fincher is, too. He's a real gone guy.
Gone Girl	TRA If you loved the book, you probably will love this, but honestly? It's not that good.
Gone Girl	TRA Gillian Flynn's twist-laden mystery novel gets a somber, respectful screen treatment from David Fincher, which has the unfortunate effect of diminishing the book's diabolical fun and heightening its dull misanthropy.
Gone Girl	TRA Fincher proves himself yet again to be a better cinematic psychologist of (in-)human nature than almost any other director alive.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl is the thriller of the year, a master-class in pacing and tension from one of the great American directors.
Gone Girl	TRA One of the best films that will be released in 2014.
Gone Girl	TRA Amy is the most challenging and crucial character to capture, and Pike is simply brilliant in a role that has all the potential to become both career defining and life altering.
Gone Girl	TRA An absorbingly chilling picture of domestic discontent.
Gone Girl	TRA An entertaining movie with an intriguingly intricate plot, but it's really nothing more than a slick, well-manufactured potboiler that ends up more as an expression of the culture it depicts rather than serious commentary, or satire, on it.
Gone Girl	TRA A deliciously manipulative mystery that toys with the viewer like a femme fatale with her prey.
Gone Girl	TRA David Fincher's Gone Girl takes a big beach read about a troubled marriage and turns it into a suspenseful screen indictment of modern times.
Gone Girl	TRA The spirits of Highsmith and Hitchcock hover over this outrageous pulp suspense-thriller from David Fincher, episodically structured around twists and counter-twists, like an addictive boxset of a TV drama.
Gone Girl	TRA Maybe in 50 years "Gone Girl" will be revered the way "Vertigo" is today.
Gone Girl	TRA Ultimately what makes "Gone Girl" so watchable is the three-headed monster of Fincher, Pike and Affleck.
Gone Girl	TRA "Gone Girl" is suspenseful and entertaining -- its 2-1/2-hour running time breezes by -- but what sticks out on first viewing is how perfectly Fincher has cast it.
Gone Girl	TRA "Gone Girl" may get the job done as a dutiful, deliberately paced procedural, but it never quite makes the splash it could have as a thoughtful, timely and thoroughly bracing plunge.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl is a devilish mystery and star-making performance for Rosamund Pike.
Gone Girl	TRA It's a cheeseburger treated like a filet and it's a film that'll stick with you thanks to clever sleight of hand and a few moments that beg for a revisit.
Gone Girl	TRA "Gone Girl" has more contempt for Nancy Grace and all she represents than it does for murder or infidelity- and you know what? I'm good with that.
Gone Girl	TRA For fans of the book and of David Fincher's previous films, "Gone Girl" is a must-see. It's also cheaper than couple's counseling.
Gone Girl	TRA Unfortunately, and more to the point than the film's presentation of unseemly personalities, Gone Girl elevates narrative propulsion over character insight; however (some viewers might simply say "and"), it offers a whipping ride.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl isn't a movie about marriage or relationships or men and women, but about the way people assume established, familiar archetypes to please, manipulate, and entrap one another.
Gone Girl	TRA It's dark, it's creepy and it's very good - both on the page, and on the screen.
Gone Girl	TRA It's a messy story told in a calculated way, with precision as ruthless as the diabolical plan it depicts.
Gone Girl	TRA Once again, Fincher is dressing up trash as serious art, wanting to have his cake and eat it too. And frankly, we wouldn't take it any other way.
Gone Girl	TRA An absorbing crime tale that works whether you know the twists or not.
Gone Girl	TRA This is not a 'meaningful' movie, it is a lark that takes itself too seriously, and under the assured direction of David Fincher, it's way more fun that way.
Gone Girl	TRA A viper's nest of unreliable narrators.
Gone Girl	TRA The characters sound like people trying to sound like people in the movies and not quite pulling it off.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl is to marriage what Fatal Attraction was to infidelity.
Gone Girl	TRA Fincher's adaptation bears all of the filmmaker's trademark precision, his impeccable ability to conjure dread in the most seemingly benign locales of the Show Me State heightened by the terror-drone composed by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross.
Gone Girl	TRA It's one of those rare films that actually gets more fun to watch the longer it goes on.
Gone Girl	TRA Preposterous, illogical, senselessly over-plotted and artificial as a ceramic artichoke ... one of the year's grossest disappointments.
Gone Girl	TRA Long story short: The movie absolutely lives up to the hype.
Gone Girl	TRA It's only towards the end that you become aware of the improbability of the whole, but by then it's too late, you've been hooked.
Gone Girl	TRA David Fincher is a remarkably good director.
Gone Girl	TRA It's a wild ride, made no less thrilling by the knowledge that it ends in a horrific crash, from which no one walks away unscathed.
Gone Girl	TRA It's Pike whom audiences will be talking about and arguing about long after they've screened the film. She seizes hold of Flynn's conception of a woman slowly losing control over her own narrative with gusto, and Fincher reacts splendidly.
Gone Girl	TRA Fincher's chief delight seems to be in playing with genre conventions: what looks like an especially moody whodunit morphs first into a psychosexual thriller and then into what might just be straight-faced satire.
Gone Girl	TRA You could call this vision misogynistic, and you wouldn't be wrong, but you'd be far more accurate if you simply called it ludicrous.
Gone Girl	TRA Thankfully, its true to the book. Fincher faithfully captures the cruel dynamics of a ruined marriage. If only we saw why these two people hated each other.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl is a high-quality mainstream crowd-pleaser in the best possible sense of the phrase.
Gone Girl	TRA "Gone Girl" is nothing if not absorbing, beginning as a sort of investigative procedural before corkscrewing halfway through to become something else entirely.
Gone Girl	TRA Entertaining. But one of Fincher's very best? Not by a Missouri mile
Gone Girl	TRA As rewarding as a film as it was as a book. In both cases, you walk away feeling gut-punched by a story that manages to save a couple of surprises for the end.
Gone Girl	TRA It's everything the book was and more - more, certainly, in its sinister, brackish atmosphere dominated by mustard-yellow fluorescence, designed to make you squint, recoil and then lean in a little closer.
Gone Girl	TRA Pike is a revelation. The actress ... demonstrates versatility with compelling eyes that can instantly switch from innocent to detached. Oscar consideration is certainly a possibility for her.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl is a warning to phony couples, and it's presented in an entertaining package. If you think you can fix someone, if you think you can make someone else happy, you will get Gone Girled.
Gone Girl	TRA We're regularly advised that marriage is work, but the work should not be as hard as that faced by one couple in a riveting movie adapted by the novelist and directed by David Fincher.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl is a brilliantly directed, thrillingly nasty piece of psychologically-riveting pulp that promises to be one of the year's biggest water-cooler hits.
Gone Girl	TRA In a movie of subtle tones and wild swerves, Pike expertly mixes a cocktail of hot and cold blood. She is the Amazing Amy you could fall for, till death do you part.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl features Fincher working near the top of his game, crafting exquisite, chilly, below-the-line production work as he solicits career-best performances from his handsomely put-upon leads.
Gone Girl	TRA Smartly shot, detailed, and performed, it's a designer-made studio film that dares to be about big, difficult stuff.
Gone Girl	TRA Cunning as a raptor and nearly as fast, Gone Girl is an anesthetic-free dissection of human nature.
Gone Girl	TRA Even if you have read the book and know what happens in Gone Girl, you're still in for a treat watching the movie. And if you haven't read it and don't know what happens, well then you're definitely in for a treat.
Gone Girl	TRA In good times and bad, in sickness and in health, Gone Girl is delicious suburban noir.
Gone Girl	TRA I don't know about Nick and Amy, but the creative marriage of David Fincher and Gillian Flynn is dandy, delivering a juicy movie that's damned entertaining.
Gone Girl	TRA It's a work of chilly wit and bleak metaphor, an artifice that invites the kind of analytical response where we pull on our chins and discuss how other people, more naive than we, will receive it.
Gone Girl	TRA If the production is slightly too atmospheric, the performances are bracingly specific, led by Affleck, whose task is complex.
Gone Girl	TRA Something is amiss in Gone Girl.
Gone Girl	TRA Traz Affleck e Pike em performances que sao apostas quase garantidas em premiacoes no fim do ano.
Gone Girl	TRA David Fincher's Gone Girl is an absolute masterpiece; a uniquely American rumination on marriage and modern society and one of the very best, most thrilling experiences you'll have going to the movies this year.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl is Fincher at his wittiest and seedy in its chronicle of a marriage that bears unexpected, rotten fruit which a scandal hungry country devours with glee.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl is a rare bird: a tricky, weird mystery that benefits from people knowing its twist from the outset.
Gone Girl	TRA Ruins itself as even high-toned cinematic junk food when its justifiable cynicism morphs into something manipulative and dangerously disingenuous.
Gone Girl	TRA As entertainingly gripping as it is smartly disturbing and scathingly satirical.
Gone Girl	TRA Even those who have read Gillian Flynn's novel can expect to be surprised by the jolts and jumps in David Fincher's take on events.
Gone Girl	TRA Oh yes, it's very much by the book. But when the book is a brilliantly crafted page turner, that's a good thing.
Gone Girl	TRA Casting Affleck as Nick is a master stroke, and Affleck gives one of his smartest, most nuanced performances in the role.
Gone Girl	TRA There hasn't been a soignee blonde so flat-out hate-able since Gwyneth bitched about the burdens of motherhood. Welcome to the A-list, Gone Girl star Rosamund Pike!
Gone Girl	TRA Why doesn't the movie claw us as "The Social Network" did? Who could have predicted that a film about murder, betrayal, and deception would be less exciting than a film about a Web site?
Gone Girl	TRA My overriding sense about Gone Girl is that director David Fincher wanted to make a flawless murder thriller in which the audience loyalty and association with the key characters was pushed and pulled unmercifully for maximum impact. He succeeds
Gone Girl	TRA As far as adaptations go, this is one of the best, Gillian Flynn's screenplay perfectly capturing the tone of her sensational novel, in which we witness a dark portrait of a marriage. It's disturbingly good
Gone Girl	TRA For those who expect cinematic mastery from everything David Fincher does, this doesn't seem like anything special compared to his high watermarks.
Gone Girl	TRA Stylish, twisted and daring, Gone Girl is a David Fincher date movie: dark, smart and dangerous. If it doesn't deliver in its finale, its twist, turns and commitment to moral repugnance will leave you reeling.
Gone Girl	TRA Believe me, you should see the movie, and then you can talk about it all night. And you probably will.
Gone Girl	TRA Deliciously dark and utterly gripping, this tightly-coiled teaser delivers disturbing answers to some very awkward questions.
Gone Girl	TRA Where the book was better in its first half and more of a trashy twist-a-thon in its second, the film, directed by David Fincher, actually gets better once it gets trashy.
Gone Girl	TRA Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike deliver a masterclass in duplicity in their deft manipulation of the Dunnes' complex lives and rising resentments.
Gone Girl	TRA There's a comic streak to the film that suggests David Fincher may understand the material as trash, but it's the kind of affectation that only reinforces, rather than dulls, its insults.
Gone Girl	TRA Intelligently structured by novelist Flynn herself, the film features a mannered turn by Academy Award winner Ben Affleck while the absolute success of the picture is indebted to the lavish and grandiose performance of Rosamund Pike.
Gone Girl	TRA Somehow, Fincher imposes coherence and clarity on a complex and messy storyline.
Gone Girl	TRA "Gone Girl" shows the remarkable things that can happen when filmmaker and material are this well matched.
Gone Girl	TRA [Pike is] a star presence here from her very first scene; it's even rewarding, given her expressive voice, to hear her reading from Amy's diary entries.
Gone Girl	TRA [Gone Girl] is something of a marvel, a disturbing, one-of-a-kind creature as confoundingly dangerous as a poisonous snake equipped at either end with a head, forked tongue and fangs.
Gone Girl	TRA A break-all-the-windows plot-twister that keeps every jolt and (most of) the cultural jabs from Gillian Flynn's blockbuster novel.
Gone Girl	TRA "Gone Girl" starts off investigating Nick, turns to make more queries about Amy, and leaves you questioning both of them, and watching Fincher turn that narrative upside down and back again is pretty exciting to witness.
Gone Girl	TRA David Fincher's shockingly good film version of Gone Girl  is the date-night movie of the decade for couples who dream of destroying one another. Expect a stampede at the box office.
Gone Girl	TRA Floating through the narrative like a ghost, [Pike] embodies the aloofness that is both the film's strength and its weakness.
Gone Girl	TRA As sometimes happens in Mr. Fincher's work, dread descends like winter shadows, darkening the movie's tone and visuals until it's snuffed out all the light, air and nuance.
Gone Girl	TRA [A] gripping psychological thriller.
Gone Girl	TRA The movie, while entertaining and extremely well crafted, is too self-conscious about its depravity to be either truly disturbing or disturbingly funny. Ticking along with metronome-like efficiency, it's more slick than sick.
Gone Girl	TRA The end result is a movie that's closer to his stylish but hollow The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo than with his more virtuoso work like Fight Club.
Gone Girl	TRA Doesn't have the heft of Zodiac or the verve of Se7en but Gone Girl is a masterful adaptation and a superior crime-thriller.
Gone Girl	TRA Anyone who loved Gone Girl the book will walk out of Gone Girl the movie with a sick grin on their face.
Gone Girl	TRA It'll have you wondering why Fincher went even further down the Barnes & Noble rabbit hole than he did in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Gone Girl	TRA The stealthiest comedy since American Psycho.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl, finally, may be no more than a storm in a teacup. But what an elegant, bone-china teacup this is. And what a fearsome force-10 gale we have brewing inside.
Gone Girl	TRA The movie is phenomenally gripping-although it does leave you queasy, uncertain what to take away on the subject of men, women, marriage, and the possibility of intimacy from the example of such prodigiously messed-up people.
Gone Girl	TRA Director David Fincher and stars Rosamund Pike and Ben Affleck are at the top of their game in this mesmerizing adaptation of Gillian Flynn's novel.
Gone Girl	TRA A sharply made, perfectly cast and unfailingly absorbing melodrama.
Gone Girl	TRA Above all, it's is a delicious exercise in audience-baiting: what begins as a he-said, she-said story of mounting, murderous suspense, lurches at its fulcrum into the kind of hot mess Brian De Palma might have cooked up 20 years ago in his attic.
Gone Girl	TRA There are moments in this film that will make your jaw drop in shock and horror.
Gone Girl	TRA "Gone Girl" will earn plenty of loud shouts of applause, awed sounds of surprise, and shocked laughter, but what makes it worthy of them is all the hushed, uneasy conversations it's guaranteed to inspire in the long, unsettled silence to come after.
Gone Girl	TRA Gone Girl simultaneously evolves as a mordant satire of the mediating of domestic violence as mass entertainment.
Gone Girl	NRA 89
Gone Girl	NRC 88
